
Review of: Distributed Nonlinear Control Design using Separable Control
Contraction Metrics

The paper considers designing a stabilizing distributed control for a
network of plants with dynamics \dot x=f(x)+B(x) u, with the matrix
B(x) full rank for all x. The approach combines contraction metrics and
separable metric structures, resulting in controllers that only depend
on information from local sensors and communications from immediate
neighbors.  

Main comments:
-------------------

The basic idea seems to be that the variational eqn that is used in the
analysis of contraction and the synthesis of contractive controllers is
linear and thus linear control approaches like those based on LMIs can
be applied. However, if I understand correctly then each of the basic
ideas used in the paper is by itself well known and I am not sure that
combining them together justifies publication as a full paper.	

The authors use the term "contraction metrics" for what seems to be a
Lyapunov-Finsler function (see “A differential Lyapunov framework for
contraction analysis,” IEEE TAC, 2014.). Later on they use
space-dependent matrix measures, but again without using the correct
terminology (see eg the survey paper "Contraction methods for nonlinear
systems: a brief introduction and some open problems", IEEE CDC, 2014).

The authors state that "Note that the proposed method provides an
explicit algorithm to design the controller. But if I understand
correctly the designed controllers are implicit in the sense that they
depended on an implicit integral. Isn't this a drawback of the
approach? 

Rigorous contraction analysis using matrix measures applied to the
variational system requires to assume a convex state space. Indeed, the
rigorous proof that the distance between x(t,a) and x(t,b) decreases
with time t is based on studying J(ra+(1-r)b) where J is the Jacobian
of the vector field and r \in [0,1] (see eg "Global entrainment of
transcriptional systems to periodic inputs,” PLOS Computational
Biology, 2010). Hence, ra+(1-r)b must be in the state space. I could
not find any mention of this in the paper under review. 

I am not sure I understood Definition 1. Is the goal to design a
different static feedback law k^* for each solution of the system or to
design a single k^*  that renders all solutions contractive? 
I did not understand why the data in Table 1 is stated as a table
rather than just a sentence. 

The paper is generally well-written but sometimes the full technical
details are missing. In some places, I could not understand what the
authors mean. For example, in Eq (4) what is the range of the index i? 
 

Typos:
---------

in refs [37] and [45]: lyapunov -> Lyapunov
e_i denotes the vector with zeros in all rows except..-> zeros in all
entries except…
Note that, when random initial random initial conditions

can be explained by fact that,

here same three scenarios are

former case can be formulate

The acronym MI (for matrix inequality) is used before it is defined. By
the way, isn't it better to use LMI?

Missing links and references: 
----------------------------------

There are other papers combining contraction theory and graph theory eg
“Certifying spatially uniform behavior in reaction-diffusion PDE and
compartmental ODE systems,” Automatica, 2011. How are these related to
the results in the paper under review? A very important property of
contractive systems with many applications is entrainment to periodic
excitations see eg “Global entrainment of transcriptional systems to
periodic inputs,” PLOS Computational Biology, 2010. I think that
mentioning this is useful. 
The authors state that "Decentralised and distributed control are
long-standing problems in control theory, with important early work
surveyed in [8]". I think that another relevant ref on this is the
monograph "Large-Scale Dynamic Systems: Stability and Structure" by
Siljak.

There are other approaches to decentralized control using a diagonal
structure constraint and even more general structures see eg
"Distributed Control with Low-Rank Coordination", IEEE TAC, 2014. How
are these related to the results here?
