The paper "Distributed Nonlinear Control Design using Separable Control
Contraction Metrics" studies the problem of synthesizing distributed
controllers for networked systems using a contraction theory approach.
The basic idea is to construct a controller for  the variational
dynamics, which is a linear time-varying system, instead of the
original nonlinear dynamics. In doing so, sparsity constraints can be
enforced on the controller so that a distributed controller is
obtained.

The paper is well written and appears correct. I do not have any major
concerns. However, I do have the following comments.
	- In the control synthesis steps outline after Theorem 1, in
step 1, it is suggested to find W and Y so that (9) is satisfied for
all x,u. How is this computed to ensure that it holds for all x and u?
	- After Theorem 1, it is stated that computing a
control-Lyapunov function for the system is Non-convex. It should be
noted that for some classes of systems, this problem is convex.
	- There seem to be quite a few details lacking in the
description of the numerical experiments. For example, are the
conditions of Theorem 2 somehow augmented with a cost function? If not,
then there does not seem to be any reason why the unconstrained case
should be better than the neighbor case, which is in turn better than
the diagonal case since in both cases the latter is a special case of
the former. If there is some cost function,  this should be described.
	- What are the dynamics for the example with a cycle shown in
Figure 6? In particular, node 4 now has 3 neighbors and it seems the
dynamics must be different than (4).
	- In the last sentence of Corollary 1, it is comment that the
graph G_c specifies the functions rho_i. This seems strange since the
existence of such rho_i’s is part of they hypothesis of the Corollary,
so I do not understand what this statement means.
	- I am not sure I see the purpose in introducing the physical
network alongside the communication network. Where is the topology of
the physical networked used?
Some more minor comments:
	- I don’t understand the point in introducing Example 1 and
equation (4) on page 3 when it is repeated later in Section 5. I
suggested removing it. Regardless, it is confusing to have the same
equation appear twice with the same equation number.
	- Theorem 2 should be rewritten so that it consists of complete
sentences.
	- In Proposition 1 and the discussion following, why is the
notation V_p\cup V_c sometimes used? It seems that V_p and V_c should
both consist of the full set of nodes in the system, so I do not seem
the necessity in taking their union.
	- In the numerical examples, sometimes the “network” is
referred to without specifying if it is the physical network or the
communication network. This should be specified.
	- 8 lines after (6), (x,\delta_x)\in R^n\times R^n, not
R^n\times R^m
	- 11 lines after (6), (x(t),u(t)\inR^n\times R^m, not R^n\times
R^n.
	- It is a bit misleading to refer to solutions of the system
(6) since (6) is not itself a system. It is only a complete system when
couple with (1).
	- After theorem 1, it appears that the argument of M and other
variables is dropped sometimes. First, this should be noted that the
argument is being dropped. Second, this could lead to some confusion
since the special case of constant matrices is explicitly comment on.
	- Page 5, column 1, line 18: what is Y_{pq}?
	- Second sentence of section V.A, “Consider the case with
N=4…”. I don’t understand this sentence. Is there a typo?
