The paper discusses the method of control contraction metrics for the
design of distributed controllers for networked nonlinear dynamical
systems. Conditions for the existence of so-called sum-separable
control contraction metrics are expressed in terms of matrix
inequalities. And because the metric is sum-separable, the controller
synthesis problem is computationally efficient and scalable.

 The paper is well-written and the results seem correct, but I have
some doubt about the novelty and applicability of the result. First of
all, it is no surprise that any restriction on the space of matrix
functions in which the solution to the matrix inequalities (9) and  (12
c) should be found could make the search for a solution faster and
numerically tractable. However, there might exist systems for which the
restricted version of (9), i.e. (12a) (12b), does not have a solution.
Are there any conditions (like controllability, stabilizability) that
are sufficient for the existence of the sum-separable metric? Does
sum-separability relate to the structure of the physical interaction
graph? Second, I guess the matrix inequalities (12) should be satisfied
along all possible (x,u), which renders the problem infinite
dimensional. Please explain in detail how one can solve the matrix
inequalities. 
Further comments are:
II.A: 
-	Typo in the definition of a chord: path->cycle
-	It is unclear if trees, leaves, … are defined for directed or
undirected graphs. Please clarify. In particular, doesn’t the
tree-decomposition of a chordal graph require the graph to be
undirected?
Technical results:
-	Problem 1. Should (1) be (3)? Although (1) includes (3), it
lacks the description of the physical network. Furthermore, I guess
some connectivity assumptions are imposed on the physical (and
communication) graph(s); Please clarify. 
-	Proposition 1. How is the union of graphs defined in this
paper? (By the way V_p \cup V_c = V as V = V_p=V_c, isn’t it?) What
further assumptions/conditions are imposed on these graphs (undirected,
connected,…)? 
Examples:
-	The examples do not support the generality of the technical
results. Why do you consider only identical systems (except for i=1 and
i=N) on undirected networks of small size. Please provide more
convincing examples. 
-	Why is the constraint Y_{ij}=Y_{ji} imposed in V.A?  (It is
mentioned that no constraints are imposed…) In particular, where does
this symmetry come from?
-	Graph Figure 6 is not chordal. Furthermore, does this graph
represent  G_c, or G_p, or both?
